0.  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion.
    GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors.
    JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million.
    PNG: 24 bit, 16 million.

1.  GIF
2.  Lossy Compression: is to reduce the size of image with getting rid of the details that the human's eye can't notice.
                Saving the image over and over can get it worse.
    Lossless Compression: is to reduce the image size without getting rid of any details of it. It suits text and drawing.

3.  JPEG and GIF.

4.  When the operating system erases a FAT file, two
things occur. First, the system modifies the filename’s first
character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file
has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters
to the hard drive’s list of free clusters.

5.  Using secure deletion tools, you could erase files by replacing its zeros and ones on the hard disk with zeros.
6.  The <stdint.h> header shall declare sets of integer types having specified widths.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
        to use integer variables with specific width like uint8_t >> 8 bits of unsigned integer.
        It also helps to make the program cross platform.
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    1, 4, 4, 2
9.  BM, 0x4d42, 19778
10. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

11. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    bfSize: is the size, in bytes, of the whole file and stored in BITMAPFILEHEADER.
    bisize: is the size, in bytes, of BITMAPINFOHEADER structure.

12. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    Because in screen direction from up to down which is like negative y-axis.

13. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    biBitCount.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    because it determines the number of times to read this block of data.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    2

16. What does fseek do?
    movies the current indicator by the amount applied to fseek (backward, and forward).

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    it means from current position in file.
18. Whodunit?
    Mel Gibson (or David J. Malan :D)
